As we just saw, we are double fetching the current user between the landing page and the app component.
So we're going to fix that up really quickly inside this video.
To get started, I'm going to go back over to my index file.
We're going to find the get initial function.
I'm going to delete everything that we have inside there for right now.
And instead, I'm going to return an empty object.
I'm also going to delete the Bild client statement at the very top because we are not importing that
or we're not making any use of with that build client function right now.
Now, if I go back over to my application after saving that file and refresh the page, you might see
it that you are now no longer signed in, even if you actually are signed in.
So if I click on the logo right there again, that's going to reissue the current user request.
And if I look at the response, I can see very plainly that I am in fact signed into the application.
But the app, or assuming the landing page component definitely thinks that I am not.
The reason for that is that the landing page is not receiving the current user as a prop.
So we need to go back over to our app component, which is still fetching the current user.
So when the app component renders itself with the current user, we need to make sure that we take that
current user and pass it down as a property down into the child component.
This is going to make sure that every single child component inside of our application, so essentially
every component inside the pages directory will always receive the current user as a prop, which is
probably a very good thing.
There's probably going to be many scenarios, many different pages that we're going to create that need
to understand who the current user is.
So this is going to be a nice little thing that's going to help us easily understand who the current
user is in all of our different pages in the future.
So on our component right there, we'll add in a prop of current user.
And assigned to it.
Current user.
Now I can flip back over.
If I refresh the page, I will once again see that I am signed in.
And if I click on the Get text logo yet again, I'll see that I'm now only making one request to fetch
the current user.
Okay.
Very good.
That's one little fix.
But there's one other fix that I would like to make as well.
Inside of our app component, we are importing that build client helper.
Now as a reminder on what that build client thing is, we can go to our API directory inside the client
folder and find the build client file.
So remember, depending upon whether we are running our application or really rendering our app on the
Kubernetes cluster, so during the server side rendering phase or whether we are running our app inside
the browser, we are creating a slightly different copy of Axios.
So every single time we fetch data, we need to first run this build client function.
In other words, for every get initial props, we need to somehow get the current client.
Directly connected either to Ingress and Gen X or to well, just use the base URL.
In other words, just use the current domain, make a request back off to our endpoint, our back end
servers.
Now, as we just saw inside the index file, we had the build client imports team at the very top and
then we were just a moment ago creating a client inside of get initial props.
That would be really tedious to repeat for every single page component inside of our app.
In other words, it'd be just a little bit of a pain every single time to have to import, build client
and then build up client inside a get initial props.
So we're going to fix that up here.
We're going to make it a little bit easier to fetch some data very easily without having to first import
that build client helper.
Back inside of our app component.
You might recall that we are building a client up inside of here.
And you might also recall, as we discussed in the last video, that we are invoking the child components
get initial props function right here.
So how about we say that whenever we are about to call the child's get initial props function, let's
just take the client that we have already built and provide it as a second argument to get initial props.
So for the child components get initial props function.
I'm going to add in the client, which we already built up right there as a second argument.
I'm also going to take the current user that we fetch from right here, and I'm going to provide that
as a third argument to get initial props.
This is just in case we ever decide that to fetch some data tied to a user, we have to understand maybe
who the user's ID is or what the user's ID is or something like that.
So as the third argument to get initial props, I will provide data dot current user.
Now the reason that we are.
Referring to data current user right here is remember whenever we fetch the current user using this
endpoint, that gives us back an object that has the current user property in it and then that refers
to the current user.
That's why we are referring to just current user right here.
Okay.
So let's save that.
And now back inside of our index file.
If we need to get access to our client, we can receive it as the second argument.
And if we need to get access to the current user just so we can use their ID to fetch some data or something
like that, we can receive it as the third argument.
All right, so that's it.
We're not going to do anything with this just right now inside this video.
But I hope that you can understand that now it's going to be really easy for us to fetch some data using
this client argument right here or current user without having to make a follow up request to fetch
the current user and without having to import that build client function to build up a client, which
we've already done once before.
Okay.
So that is it.
Those are two improvements that I really just wanted to make on this next application.
Now that those two improvements are all done, we're going to take one more pause and then start working
on our new routes in the next video.